for Friday we will make invoices
per meter lime state good go to the
bakery I will ask 700 meters of
medium bills is about is this is how
a stuffed rolls we're going to do
a large mass of invoices we are going to
fill with two fillings one of
raisins, sugar, and other
chocolate black sugar and almonds a
we roll them up because at a
metro and we will separate the bills well
fast and with knife you like so rich
you do not believe a chute prevents estadito with the
that you are an apple I think that
I'm going to spend an apple look sad
Laugh little legs super super mass
little apple filling that filled
all the mass of that juicy delicious
the apple is a delight for oysters
there is nothing
kill the man on the outside good
of 172 meters weakness wants me very much
that we are very much the claws
of invoices by meters lives from the
next I a crusade a tasty
Friday you do the bills today and
you leave the bad in the refrigerator in the
plate and tomorrow morning
you light the oven
with mezcal in tub coin
in a bakery
good project we started then for
crossbreeding bills parties Friday
hold on to that notebook we 're not
all the ingredients we are going to put in
one bowl 600 grams
40 we have here in the middle here we go
to put I was doing a can
do it with a little more time
so that it crests more so that it has more
time to grow the yeast is 110
cubic centimeters of warm milk is
the recipe in the air but I will be
noting what fabric we dictate 120
cubic centimeters of warm milk 30
grams of yeast and a tablespoon of
honey well we put that in the center
look we have a crown like yesterday that
we made the bread
good in three eggs too
then you go scoring 600 flour 40 120
cubic centimeters of milk 30 grams
of yeast a spoonful of honey until
we finished well three eggs that we are going to
mix and sugar has to have almost
almost
but well then we mix well the
eggs we add the 250 gr hma
sugar with yeast to milk and
We were integrating integrando
integrating let's start to pass this
and we are going to add butter
the butter if it does not have that flavor
delicate and this moisture of butter or
wool like everything well
good gifts because it is one of the
girls that help us in the production
gastronomic and sailing
mother to have precise twins
what a barbarian
and we are in that
bill
with the Indian at the head are asking
I want that I will trust now
and that all those who are looking at the
Friday crusade more on this that is
easy and that tomorrow morning I want
all the houses of buenos aires-
flooding with pain the city of
Argentina of all the provinces
doing this for breakfast
the therapist all the programs
it's exciting for me to come
will participate in an insane asylum
Y
normal milk
and I say it
but we're good then
because as you can notice again in
that notebook with the hands of butter
I say you have to put 600 grams of
flour 40 well after that you're going to
add 120 cubic centimeters of milk
that does not mix is with 30 grams of
fresh yeast and with a spoonful of
honey mix well that and integrates it with 3
eggs and with 150 grams of sugar
of the pinch of salt that I always put
and of another thing do not forget that to give
a little extra flavor to the dough
We put cinnamon
if you want you put the dough and if you do not
we put the stuffing myself now I 'm going to
impersonate but not anymore because I forgot
to put here not but it is also the mass
it was good humidity we are
adding butter then a
little by integrating the butter seems
he can not grab it but he can
grab the other day we told him so
pump against the table we raised
too buttery not if one thing first
who thinks a lot of flour
martita do not you do not feel area of ​​the
flour the other day he wrote me in the
facebook a lady and it gave me an emotion
because he told me that he had made the thread
of easter that was with this this technique
that he had gone barbarous that the
husband had lent him a little
worried because he hit a lot on
the kitchen but it had come out
barbarian the mass that did not have to give
no flour
nor in the time tunnel that we can not
have a psychiatrist for all 2004 by
at least a calendar a calendar
through the calendar on Wednesday the
next Wednesday after the program
that we do live live and
we passed the Argentine chefs to the
book fair
We are going to cook from 14:30 and
the rest
well I want to buy a lot of beating
forward hit forwards and hit the
moment that one becomes discouraged
do not make it original
in something something is surely going to have
what to put but he knows that you're going to
discover after all